all right we have a new Contender for I
think the most tech I've ever seen in a
single vehicle this is the Lee Auto Mega
very deserving of the name two 15.7 in
OLED touch screens dual 50 W wireless
chargers you drop the key here in here
there's USBC ports for charging and one
to record for your Sentry mode which is
your dash cam and security camera
there's no screen back here but there is
an HUD I can see and there's also a
screen on the steering wheel which has
your drive mode selector and these seats
are heated cooled and Mass but the
second row is really where you want to
be so You' got these two jetliner style
seats super comfortable heated cooled
and massaging again it also has this
personal 50 W wireless charger for your
phone there's a cup holder right in
there if you want it there's also this
drop down OLED display that is gesture
controlled so if I just go like this you
can see a cursor appear here on the
screen and then I can move stuff around
which is awesome I can also put stuff on
the front screen and there happens to be
a refrigerator down here heated or
cooled put whatever you want in there
there's also a spacious third row back
here with more leg room than a long
wheelbase 5 series also with USB type-c
and heated seats and cup holders and
there's 21 speakers in this whole cabin
with the the atmos and I think if you
put an Apple logo on the front of this
car it could fool some people this is a
fully electric three row minivan shape
it has a 350 Mi range 520 Kow charging
and that makes it the fastest charging
vehicle in the world 10 to 80% in 10
minutes so this whole shape is really
really smooth to be aerodynamic
obviously but it still has features down
here at the bottom are the headlights
but then it's got this uninterrupted
light bar which is their signature Halo
and at the top is the lar sensors which
are good for the cruise control and some
of the best auto park I've ever seen and
the whole thing rides on their magic
carpet air suspension which is the
smoothest I have ever felt that's
including the Rolls-Royce it's
incredible